good morning.


<read quote>
a famous yet brilliant quote. We mean no comparison to a fantastic scientist of our time, but we feel it completely appropriate to start with a brilliant quote that we feel our product adheres to.

today we want to talk about a few things: young adults, gaming, education, and community.

but, if we could only tell you one thing, it would be that:
software being used to facilitate education is the most phenonimal thing about the software market right now, and we're glad to be a part of that.

the best ideas in life are only so because nobody has ever done them before. we think we have one of those ideas: river crossing is greater than any game.

let's look at the fundamentals behind the product:
we're transferring a problem like RC into a virtual simulation
we're giving young adults the opportunity to solve logic puzzles
simplistic, yet attractive graphics
and most important.. we're an original idea.

let's think of games. any type of games.
let's take the concept of thinking.
you can't really do that with computer games today.
alcantara bridge was built between 104 and 106 CE with the transcription that translates into:
I have built a bridge which will last forever
we feel the bridge we've built will do the same. 

<flick to next slide>
<then slide 10>

so many young adults today have smartphones in their pockets.
outside of school (and in the classroom too) they'll religiously check their facebook and other social networking profiles.
they'll play on gaming consoles
spend whole days on the web
listen to their favourite records on ipods

but do they really understand the underpinning techniques and mehodologies behind the technology they love?

let's look at how the game works:
<read comparisons>
as we can see, a lot of this train of thought is what creates logic, and it turn creates computer science and discrete mathematics

moving away from fancy quotes and bridges, we've done some obligatory market research that we'd thought you'd find as fascinating as we did
the game dates back to at least 9th century
folklore of different groups - and we want our product to be in the hands of these groups
we can further do this via.. <porting>

here are some of the features we've implemented
4 button game - disabled people can play it, what other game can say the same?
<read features>
but it doesn't stop there. our product infinitely grows.

some easy ideas to implement as we support future releases of the product:
<read, explain what they are>

our philosophy offers an education engine
open elements- <talk about community and open source)
our this works great in the classroom
how our elegant code base makes it so easy
how we adhere to unix philosophy:
<unix inspired many products... list>
don't reinvent the wheel, write programs that do one thing and do it well

lets reflect on what our product does for the users

any questions? shoot
 

